Ternelle

Ternelle is a more industrious city, founded on the bank of [[The River Arrole]] and within the [[Arrole Forest]], a few miles from the trailhead up to [[Montsocal]]. Its landscape is more coniferous and boreal, with thorough tree cover outside the town and a number of trails and paths connecting to the major roads and nearby settlements. Ternelle is a bit more industrious, actively trading with and exporting to other settlements, and, occasionally, passers-by from the major Ghaurdish nations. The town is mainly sustained by a wood mill, though other craftsfolk work in the city, including masons, artisans, and blacksmiths. Buildings are a mix of stone and wood, often a mix of the two. 

In the past, the area that Ternelle was founded on was believed to be the location of a mystical plant that could grant eternal life and the power of the forest spirits. This plant would be a small, perpetual sapling of a Yew tree, nearly impossible to find and extremely fragile to harvest from. [[The Arrole Sapling]] was enough of a draw for people to settle in Ternelle with the hope of finding the plant, though, over the years, the legend has become little more than an old story, and few people believe in or search for it anymore. There is a cynical irony, some of the townsfolk believe, in that the town, which originated to find and preserve a single sapling, now mainly exists to cut down and export trees in the same forest. It’s a common joke that [[The Arrole Sapling]] has likely been stepped on by every logger in the town by now.